[Music]
we bought an amazing project called
textile we've got Andrea and we've got
Carson over here so can you introduce
yourselves and tell us a little bit more
about what you're working on
other developers whose textile and super
applications primarily our focus is to
help come up with new models for storing
personal data users ownership over their
data right now we're really just trying
to make it easier for other developers
that believe in that to use the toys
that we're creating so today we brought
two demonstrations
one is called textile photos so it's a
decentralized photo sharing application
it's your photo sharing and storage so
you can do long-term storage in photos
we have this shared group that people
are coming up with their moto mobile app
taking photos they're getting most into
them this is basically like very you
know code base after in the web which is
a speed of multimedia you have been it's
very loose identities that people can
have and they can just be playful in
there the other one is the care game so
we built it literally a gaming tag so
one person is it everybody else is just
trying to stay away from the person
that's a cryptographically they're
capable of can be not over to other
people and everybody knows that they can
trust it so it's using my PFS and the
p2p and and pure identity to do a
verification and have pros in a game and
it plays over a decentralized network
which is really cool
it says it mister people downloading
that app and then there's one person has
made right now